RD-4726-create-a-workflow-for-tfsec (#2202)
cloudify-cosmo/docs.getcloudify.org: content/working_with/official_plugins/Orchestration/terraform.md

    * `destroy_previous`: Boolean. If set to True, it will trigger destroy for the previously created resources, if False it will keep them and maintain the state file; Terraform will calculate the changes needed to be applied to those already-created resources.
  * `terraform.refresh`: Refresh Terraform state file, if any changes were done outside of Terraform so it will update the runtime properties to match the real properties for the created resources under `state` runtime property.
    Moreover, If there are any drifts between the template and the current state it will be saved under the `drifts` runtime property.

>   * `terraform.tfsec`:   tfsec is a static analysis security scanner for your Terraform code. For example

Reviewer: Explain that this text should be in a YAML file, like "params.yaml".

    * `destroy_previous`: Boolean. If set to True, it will trigger destroy for the previously created resources, if False it will keep them and maintain the state file; Terraform will calculate the changes needed to be applied to those already-created resources.
  * `terraform.refresh`: Refresh Terraform state file, if any changes were done outside of Terraform so it will update the runtime properties to match the real properties for the created resources under `state` runtime property.
    Moreover, If there are any drifts between the template and the current state it will be saved under the `drifts` runtime property.

>   * `terraform.tfsec`:   TFSec is a static analysis security scanner for your Terraform code. Here is an example of a yaml file that can be used to call a command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `terraform.tfsec`:   TFSec is a static analysis security scanner for your Terraform code. The following example can be used as a parameter file to the execute operation command:```
